when we analyze the controller at davos
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in this massacre around this guy with
all their actions
vivian of change and its obligations with respect to the obligations
his homework can only help then to hear this breaking message are done
hear on the subject we pushed the team makes me dream a little more
early
just fill in the score 0-1
I went bankrupt
son of a policeman
it's okay I'm training with last year's harvest
once the German parliament
mitsubishi
several journalists
and then and then and then behind Peugeot
on the course of history
as proposed in the world
this ideology
eleven people were in front of their small screen wvga republic
sarr
false
I am relaxed on the court without waiting for their meaning
ayem was left up to the
while my son is dead
in front
follow the flow
belga
fear factor
gore novels did
the Rhône
a culture
since the lowest of the global recession of the year
unfortunately for men I did not write afp so why
besides what to say
in europe nokia has just recruited in
I think it is much more we had positive echoes this innovation me who
was close to my heart
obama was rather pleased with this result there according to the first
comments hot reaction scene
and then this third edition this concept and a tip probably
for the future
the best in terms of
miliboo game
for the investments of the players are so much form of society that the
mayonnaise took and
echoes as anais that his record is excellent
very positive
as for it is also little talk there has not been a lot of requests
this magnitude in France between the public that the Francilien to the French
also moves to see the best players in the world
that was my goal
I think the match is interrupted the final because it's
it's still important
I understand them and I accept this be a final China
he has a very good level of play it was this one dreadful Bernard
really a
I spoke with him after in the locker room there was a drama a
awesome behavior
it's like all players and rcf and it's the most important thing
this edition
a beautiful finale
who was live on sport + it will be pretty good so
that's the intensity of emotion the drama of suspense
in a beautiful public room in hand the comic strip in a flamed building